Is welcome back.
OK.
So what we really do in this lecture is we are going to work on creating accounts for our zombie strategy.
Now in the previous lecture or the two lectures that I remember we talked about what goes into creating
an account.
And just to refresh you you need to have a separate IP address.
You don't want the IP address to use here zombie's be the same as your main account.
Why.
Because NCM could block your account down.
You also need a set of names that are available on Instagram and preferably you need to write a bunch
of BIOS beforehand just to save you time.
It's pretty innocuous if you create an account have to write a bio then do that over and over again.
All right so surf one if you decided to go down the zombie route is to decide on whether or not to use
what's called an aged account.
Now what age account is is an account that was created in the past and may or may not have had some
type of activity on it in the past but now it's inactive now.
Why would we consider using an aged account for something like this.
Well Instagram uses a lot of different criteria to determine if one of your accounts is doing something
suspicious or just generally something they don't want happening on the community.
Generally speaking bots or zombies are things that they kind of frowned upon.
I've told you this way back when we said talking about how this is very much so a black hat strategy.
Well if you want to make sure that your account looks less suspicious.
The best thing you can do is not open up an account today brand new and then start reposting posts from
your main account to any algorithm or even a human operator that's going to look pretty fishy.
So typically what I suggest is you make an age to count now.
Can I quantify the benefit of using an aged account.
Not really.
It's kind of hard to say.
I think if you guys make a bunch of zombies yourself you'll see hey my aged accounts tend to get shut
down less.
They'll tend to ask for phone validation Lasser e-mail validation less and that can save you time.
Now the way that you get an age to how honestly you just started Google.
And that's usually what I almost always do is I just look for aged Instagram accounts.
Now I can't really tell you with 100 percent confidence.
This is the best place to buy an age to count because most of these are really small sellers.
There's no main platform for buying Instagram accounts.
If it got too popular then typically they're going to have to go underground.
So what ends up happening is you just have a lot of smaller accounts that are below the radar.
So generally when you just google it you can see people talking about it in a forum and you might just
see some sites that are dedicated to creating an Instagram account or specifically social media accounts
in general.
So let's look at a couple.
Here's one called accounts market a s.c.s market.
They do all sorts of different social media and what you can see here is that you could buy a different
variety of aged accounts.
So they have cheaper ones.
And then more expensive ones.
Generally the difference here is that more expensive loans are going to be older and they also might
have pre-built some activity into them in the past.
Generally speaking the older the account the more you can get away with because it's just kind of assumes
that older accounts are probably more likely to be authentic whether or not that's 100 percent true.
I don't know what their algorithm does definitely give you some benefit of the doubt.
The other thing is whether or not it has activity on it and if it's posted in the past.
Well yeah I mean that generally also will look better to an algorithms on the site for instance we can
get some minimally aged accounts for 18 cents each.
So six months all these versions and say e-mail cannot be verified.
No interest is included in the package and then you can confirm it for yourself.
Now that might seem like not a big deal but what they're basically saying is they created these account
six months ago but they didn't confirm the e-mail address whether it's an outlook or a G-mail or whatever
you might think that's pretty easy let's just log into our G-mail and confirm it but actually it can
be kind of difficult because then all of a sudden you have to make sure that you don't trip up any red
flags on the e-mail account which would lock it down and then you can't actually get access to the e-mail
to confirm it.
So that actually creates a lot more problems than it solves.
The other ones that are more expensive typically will be verified.
You also notice that some places will say that the e-mail address is not included.
Meaning that if your account does get locked down you can't really get access to the e-mail account
to reconfirm it.
It's also kind of just hard because if you for instance want to sell your account later on and you don't
have access to the e-mail yes you kind of can't sell it.
I mean you can try to sell it but people are not going to be as enthusiastic about something that doesn't
have complete control.
So these are things just generally keep in mind.
But in general they're not particularly expensive.
I mean the nicest accounts you'll get.
So here are like three box.
There's an other one so here's another account.
This is one of these ones that probably the fly by night if you guys search for this one it doesn't
exist.
Wouldn't be surprised.
So let's see.
We have Instagram accounts that are three to seven years old.
See and no pre Lander basically means that they haven't been set up before in the past to like sell
something.
So oftentimes you're going to run into new words and vocabulary that are just pretty noxious.
So in this case what you can see is they say.
I mean they say bulletproof for all of them but that doesn't really mean anything.
Then it says zero to point P Al.
And that actually means what email address provider they signed up with.
This is Yahoo.
And Rediff kind of just depends Lhotse rediff.
OK.
So there's an e-mail provider called rediff.
Generally speaking there are there's a hierarchy of e-mail addresses out there.
Generally speaking G-mail is considered the most secure because they have the most security features
baked into their system and then it kind of goes down to like Yahoo.
And then even lower like Outlook dot com than it is in lower to things like Hotmail and Hotmail.
You know why is that considered a lower quality well because they don't verify a lot.
They don't even ask you to verify a phone number.
They don't even really care if you sign up with a really low quality IP address or if your account shows
weird activity in general.
They just don't really care about that stuff.
So in general that kind of cascades farther along and creates problems for you.
Let's look at one other place.
This place is just one to three accounts calm and pretty much the same thing.
So we have six to seven months on these nine to 10 months 14 months whatever.
What PVA means is phone a verified account.
Now when you create an Instagram account they generally suggest that you attach a phone number to it.
Why.
Because if you going to log in or gain access to have a good locked down having a phone number is very
helpful.
Now generally speaking accounts at RPV phone varified are going to look more legitimate to Instagram.
So that's why you might Paille extra for those.
So what's the most expensive one they have is a dollar 25 cents it's 14 months old and it's a PV a count
out.
So it comes with five account so that's actually not bad.
And ends up being like a buck 25.
That actually is a pretty good deal.
OK so once you decide about whether or not to use an aged account you go and you by some accounts the
next thing to do is to get an IP address and an IP address for those you are non-technical.
Just means it's a number that's associated with the location of your internet.
So if you attach to your Wi-Fi right now you have an IP address.
We switch to your phone you would probably have a different IP address.
You go to the Starbucks down the street.
That's kind of a different IP address.
Generally speaking these accounts want to see you logging in from the same IP address with the same
range of IPs.
And if it sees that you logged with an IP address in San Francisco then the next day in Russia and the
next day in Belarus and the next day in South Africa it's going to get suspicious like the algorithm
is going to start punishing you at some point.
So that's really something you want to avoid.
But more importantly we just want to make sure that we have IP addresses that are only associated with
one account and that those IP addresses never touch our main account.
Why.
Because if they go and shut down one of your accounts they could easily roll up any account that has
also been associated with that IP address every time you log in.
It's going to keep a record of your IP address.
So if you use one that you also were using for some of your shadier accounts that could be a very big
problem.
That's probably the worst thing that could possibly happen.
OK so now if you want to get an IP address and get three different options again there's millions of
these providers out here.
Now the first one is h m a.
Called Hide my ass probably bleep that.
Now what they are is you pay ten bucks a month and they give you access to something like 250 IP addresses
they randomly cycle.
That's a good thing.
You also just pick based on location.
They have a lot of software that makes it easy to log on your phone and log in on your computer.
Now the question with these guys is should I use these for Instagram and generally speaking this is
for the people who are the most risk tolerant.
It could be the case that since they share these IP addresses with a lot of other people.
But let's say I log into an IP address in Belgium and that account that IP address could be being used
currently by other people if any of those accounts are those people are also using it for Instagram
then it could potentially taint your account because Instagram doesn't want to see one IP address associated
with like 50 accounts.
We don't know for sure if that happens but in general I think it's worth taking precautions so that
you don't double up on your IP addresses or crossed wires with somebody else.
So I don't generally recommend this unless you are incredibly risk tolerant and or you find it really
important to save money because this is probably going to be the cheapest option.
Then the next one is shared proxies dot com.
This is what I've used in the past and the general idea is just that you pay a very small amount at
something like 50 cents a month per IP address but they're shared right now why I'm giving this is a
middle option is because they're not open access to everyone like hide my ass.
These are going to be ones that you know worst case scenario 10 20 other people are using at any given
moment so you lower your risk.
And in exchange it just doesn't cost you as much.
But still you do run the risk potentially of someone else using them.
Generally speaking their accounts I think are pretty easy to use you can recycle your IPs if you want
new ones.
They're very quick to fix anything that's wrong.
That's something I think is worth probably checking out and you can kind of see their prices like if
you get 40 it's $26.
So it's barely over like 50 cents.
I think that's pretty good now.
The system that we use with our zombie's renovation station is a company called High proxies dot com.
Now high proxies Well they're kind of expensive.
Right.
And the reason why is because the proxies that you're going be buying from them the IP addresses are
using from them are only used for Instagram and also their private meaning every IP address I get.
I know for a fact no one else is using it.
Now what does it mean that an IP address is dedicated to Instagram so I can say by proxies by encrypt
proxies.
Well it's kind of hard to tell sometimes.
Generally speaking they've done some legwork to make sure that these IP addresses are not doing things
that Instagram specifically as a platform does not like.
It also makes sure that when they recycle their proxies they don't keep giving them to other Instagram
providers so a lot of times what will happen is I might use this and after a while I might say I don't
know this IP address anymore.
Refresh it.
They'll take that IP and they will not sell it as an Instagram proxy again.
They'll probably just sell it as a generic proxy or they might actually just give it away.
So OK downside with these is they're expensive like three bucks each.
You buy in bulk it's a little bit cheaper but not that much like $2.
Eighty cents that can be a pain if you're doing say like 100 accounts.
Will that be like $300 a month.
So that's not great.
This is a great option if you have a little bit of money to spend and you have the lowest risk tolerance
profile.
You really really really don't want your accounts to get flagged and taken down.
It's not the end of the world if they get flagged and taken down.
But if you just want to avoid all of that noise.
Well here's kind of like a premium option that you can take.
I use this for our account just because I don't want to deal with constantly finding new IPs and figuring
out why they might have gone down or whatever.
So I pay a little bit more but once I think my strategy solidifies I'll switch to one of these cheaper
providers.
OK.
That's it for now.
We covered aged accounts and then we covered how to get proxies or IP addresses in the next lecture.
What we'll do is we'll talk about creating accounts figuring on account names and pre-writing some of
your BIOS.
OK.
So you then.